feat: add organization authentication notes for Connected Accounts flow (#1041)
auth0/docs-v2: auth4genai/intro/integrations.mdx

To enable your AI agents to call APIs on a user’s behalf, you will need to:

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
```

> If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), configure the Connection the same way, then have the user sign in to the correct organization before you initiate the Connected Accounts flow. The connected account and stored tokens remain tied to the user's Auth0 profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), configure the connection, then authenticate the user with the target organization before initiating the Connected Accounts flow. The connected account and stored tokens remain linked to the user's Auth0 profile.
```

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Callout>
```
